It's going to happen soon, I think, this year. The video is from May, So, in 14 days to rules of acceptance deadline, So it's, you know, it's ongoing. Okay, so I had one, One thing from yesterday, so. Now that a lot of time has passed since Unified Plan is the only plan. Um, can we kill off the other one and bump the supported Chrome version? now it's listed to 72 I think which is nobody I mean I would put my hand in the fire that it doesn't work with such an old version so so completely unsupported by Google at this point I do know, however, that at one point in time, I forget, Maybe it was one of the Matts or somebody else, probably no marketing wise or whatever. I think the requirements that teens had were like, you know, smaller chrome versions. And that was, I don't know, useful, relevant, or whatever. You're muted. How old is the thing again? old is what the the version that you want to kill so i want to to to bump from 72 to 96 and 95 is how old 90, so it's six weeks in between releases. even that one is unsupported by Google, so it's unlikely that anybody's using it. Okay, Chrome 96 is from December 6, 2021, So, We would support users who last updated a year and a half ago, and if you updated a year and seven months ago, We won't be supporting you. What would be beginning with this? Uh, we would be dropping all the, all the, um, A lot of craft that we accumulated due to Plan B and support for older browsers. 96 is when we started with Unified Plan. Hi, everybody. I'm very worried about our healthcare customers and their mobile users, And the fact that, you know, I'm not entirely convinced that my dad has updated his phone since December, 2021. So, the nice thing about that is that Chrome would have been updated without your father wanting it. Are you sure you don't know the flavors of Samsung and all that? But that I don't know, but I also don't know how our thing works in the Samsung browser. I don't think so. No, no, no, I mean, it's like there's like, yeah, I'm sure that on the vanilla phones of Google that the pixels and whatnot, things update in a in a certain way but like with all the variety of shit that's out there I wouldn't, you know, bet my hand on, yeah, everything is updating. There's not a Chrome out there that is that old. So So, When, when would you think is a good time or what could we do to narrow it down to now? I don't know. We could look at the data at how many people are actually, I could look at this right now. Uh, let's see. I mean, you don't have to look at it right now. But everyone else can go, and you and I can look at it. Do we have anything else? That entire CC project is going so well, I mean, other than me having to scream at Raphael for a bunch of time, but everything else is absolutely great, So I'm super happy about this. And by the way, we might need maybe someone else to chime in and hope once we're done with, You know, the Python project, We might have to add a few additions at the storage system so that we can visualize artifacts that we store. So we have to store recordings, we have to store images, things like that. So, and that might require a little bit of user interface, which obviously Other teams cannot be relied upon to do, so we have to do it ourselves. I was about to say that we might need some support from backend as well, some stuff. Yeah, but yeah, and we might and we might have to code that ourselves as well. When you said back end, did you mean our back end or did you mean their back end? Well, our backend, there are a few use cases which might require some... Oh yeah, I have connections in that team, so no worries, I'm sure they'll help. No, But I mean, Like, one example would be to have a place where we store the logo for each of the companies, like, all the companies, It's like on the design for the customer, It's a logo showing up, the log of the agent's company, I wouldn't be worried about that yet, about lovers and such. So, like some, okay, great idea, fellow designers. I won't worry about that until a customer tells me. I really need the logo in there, And I cannot let anyone see a video screen without my logo on it. So until then, we're not worrying about that. But I do need to worry about what are we doing with the recordings? We cannot have a recording until we have a decent thing to do with it. Yeah, that's true. About you, since you nominated me, I want to bring out also, you asked me about the future flags on production, I understand that for production there isn't a UI, There isn't a portal for setting the feature flags, But they have some postman collections which are using for setting picture flags. And I asked... whether you can get instruction and access to them or enabling for that better customer, which was discussed. Or we can ask them to enable it. I don't know if we want or we don't want that. It's fine. Let's not waste time with this. We'll just ask them to turn it on when we're ready. Okay, and about analytics, They have, I don't know if you read my messages, They have some automation on that part and button clicks and context menu clicks are automatically tracked, I actually checked that they are getting, they are sent to their in the process of switching to amplitude flow segments at the moment. Okay, great, all right. Could you please send me the chart when you get a chance? I don't have access to that charts, but I mean, I was referring now to the site. Oh, it's because it's on segment, And that's why we don't have access to them? I think they have segment in one of the destinations. Well, we have access to everything in AmpliQ. Why wouldn't you have access to their charts? So, they're using the same account as... Yeah, all of April is using the same account, yeah. Yeah, that's true. That's true. Okay, then, okay, yeah. But on another project I tracked the in-meeting things, like it's not on the same project as there. Yeah, that's fine. That's totally fine. That's great. So, when you do see a chart from their side, Um, you can, uh, please send it to me, right? Sure. I'll ask. I'll ask. Yeah. Great. And let me know when the PR is merged. Okay. So, what else you got? I got you. Um, so When we are doing patches for like, this is a bit more for Jana's team, I think, when we're doing things that there's fixes... What is this? I'm sorry, Rasmus, what is this wall of text that you posted here? Is that the transcription? Yeah, it's your dialogue with Saul about the browser versions. And you're showing me that it's better than it used to be, I assume? Yes, it is. It is better than it used to be and it's quite fast, It's impressively fast. and it's it's really precise your baby yeah it's so fast it's faster than all the other babies Okay. Thanks. Thanks, Razvan. Sorry, sorry for interrupting. No problem. So sometimes when we're working on some front-end stuff that needs to, you know, happen for eight by eight VC, The inconvenience is that there is no way to make the front-end work target 8x8 PC. You can only develop against alpha because we have origin filtering on pilot and stuff. Are we talking about CPU pressure events now or what is this? No, we're talking about generic stuff. So whatever you are working on in the front end, You do not have the ability to connect to the 8x8 PC backend from your dev machine the same way you do alpha. So, the question is, could we have alpha A by ABC or something? I understand. Don't we, can we not just change stage 8 by 8 BC to allow that sort of stuff? could. Why wouldn't we? One of the reasons, so alpha is right now severely. fucked up so that people don't use it. Like, meetings will close after five minutes, there are some things like that. Do you need them to run longer than five minutes? Not us, but if we apply that to stage, then we will not be able to have standard. Pilot and stage are the same in 8x8 PC. Stage is currently open to run meetings for however long you want. And that does allow the reprehensible use that 